hey there everyone this is out Cal
following the great success that new
ground roulette is getting here totally
no sarcasm and my voice there today
second place on the whatever day is
recording day 21st of December was this
game called berserk ball let's see oh
well it's about a Viking that has
antlers it's pretty wonderful so okay
it's buzzard ball cuz it's from a studio
um hey it's written in French sorry on a
fitted will meet them and evoke pepsin a
sexy to new full of dance at expo see if
siliqua that's a VA a la orilla taboola
sat down to load count 10 past on geek
well if that's a text phantom of the
nigga shall stuff ain't viko Buscemi
Lucy this man observe i found a ipod
touch anamosa music Jenelle like you the
berserk oh man Oh Evie the gamma text to
me become Oh dr. Sonia time come out
tell visually firmly descrizione the
shooter Adam near any when the hippo
confesses what I see is anticipated
answer Lucic's possible on da rest a
better plan nepal monastery geeks all
kedaranatha molested the revolution
researcher ultra piratas a puppet at
pune masaba sitapur gamma probe SNL in
con la musique leggy be I mean crash-mat
establish all day aunt Aggie may create
serve without a mere get respect from
the pic l autre 30 trick given good fun
there dhaka Ba Sing se na ja sakta the
home run okay so that was something
homerun in berzerk man Bravo I there I
am slightly hoses game I've been okay
what's going on here well we got
characters we got I'm identity' full
lady on NightA phone okay it's Hannah
lock so we got peeps and you get to lock
with that Spurs we will start with the
fault no tues all over the place that I
love Mike to so what's going on
sigh keep flying by clicking on your
mouse twice wait it's one of those yo
dude knock a thing around and then
something around the something around it
like a you know what punched a clock and
oh and then i got like air currents
power mobile so okay so that's how it's
going so it's kind of like kick the
turtle and stuff where's the nail whoa
that was not supposed to happen Oh
tickets again okay so I want to need
more like in the air in the line you
know see there's a light there you might
have noticed there's a line in my notice
there's a meter here it says max on the
top you probably want Oh killer shot
it's free Afeni so i can press forward
and back and down this phone okey so I
can slightly oh yeah that is exactly
like kick the dog game hello there giant
faucet how is it going today on this
wonderful day there's an anchor you know
someone lost their boat in in the
Maritimes oh man I just got a level
somehow that affects a lot of things I'm
sure what up with these yo okay we're
hitting with the flyswatter that's
that's hilarious see that's pretty
random what's the shop all about I got
fifteen dollar so i can buy a new trophy
oh wait what wait wait what wait what
wait what but what's the point okay so
these are to earn diamonds I guess or
you can by using diamonds what I'm kind
of what I'm kind of confused okay so
some things are bought with diamonds and
some things are bought with cash money
ish things that's kind of funky but
whatever what does this do that still me
but I have that's the options that's a
control see you can see the controls
again in case wait what's this complete
achievement there in shiny life is okay
i see so basically you just gotta do
that for like a million years so spring
winters meals we wonderful i can just
click this all they suddenly where the
summer spring right so we got qualities
and we got sound effects in case you're
confused so is that really all there is
to it yo
I guess so until you can actually like
you know farmed for juice wow that sure
was amazing yeah basically and then you
just farm for more than nothing at all
happens so we basically seen most of
everything there is unless something
magical happens in the realm of Legends
Mel Chelsea there was a thing there is a
bomb but it's purely background and
there's not a whole lot going on okay so
I see you can get stuff stuff stuff
stuff stuff stuff stuff yeah I'm how the
hell does wet decide that I guess it's
the height but that doesn't color right
well with a line on the little meet a
thing and then it bounced then it's kind
of bloody look at that there's either
steaks or Ungerman then there's a lot of
blood it sure is hilarious you can tell
that it is hilarious because there's a
lot of blood use perhaps ironically or
not i think we basically did everything
we could with this game unless i wanted
to actually grind for money which I
don't so number two